Anthony's alive? Oh yippidi doodle daddle!
Shut up!! Please
Previously on Smosh...
Do you promise you're gonna destroy that video of me?
That extremely horribly embarrassing video of you? Yeah, if you find all of the eggs.
Let's get you outta here man.
Sucker.
Ian: Holy crap it worked!
Anthony: Well, what's going on?
I: God, I never thought the simple injection of bat urine and Little Tito's Hot Chunky Salsa would actually work, but it...
worked. What's the last thing you remember?
A: Uhhh, I was reaching for the egg in the fountain and then...
and everything went black. I: Oh, yeah. I have a good explanation for that.You died.
A: What?
I: Yeah! Yeah yeah, I stole your body from the morgue and put you in Cryostasis...
until I can find a cure for death.
A: How long was I dead for?
I: 30 years.
A: 30 years? I:Yeah.
A: How come you don't look any different then? I: Duh... Botox.
Yeah, not much has changed.
Google bought Canada, aliens came to Earth and we got these cool little bar codes on our...
Anthony: What? Did you say aliens came from Earth?
I: Yeah, yeah, they're called Zenglars. Um, they live here with us, and yeah, they're pretty cool.
A: Do they have like those stereotypical big... Oh my God! That thing's hideous!
I:That "thing", is my wife. Sally.
Sally: Sup...
Anthony: Sally's a man?
Ian: It's a Zenglar. No gender. Doesn't matter. Okay? In fact...
We just passed a law in California saying we can marry Zenglars.
Which is exactly what I did. Which is something that we've been waiting for, for a long long time. Isn't that right honey? Yeah?
Yeah, of course the Mormons are trying to ban it.
Sally: Hey, you got something written on your face right here.
Anthony: Does it say I'm stupid.
Sally: Yep.
Anthony: Is it misspelled?
Hey wait, you're that guy with the really embarrassing video!
Anthony: You showed him? Ian: Yes-
I showed HER. But it has like 40 million thousand bajillion views! So, you should be proud.
Anthony: Well, then I guess you wouldn't mind if I showed everyone this.
Ian: Wait wait. No, no no. All right,
All right, all right, all right. We can talk about this alright?
I think I can fix this.
Unknown Man: Who goes there? Ian: Um, sir, there's something I need to ask of you.
Make it quick, peasant. My patience is waiting. Ian: Uh...
I need you to teleport us back through time. *laughs*
Sir: There's only one way I would teleport you back in time.
(singing) I rule the land of space and time.
Going to the past
is like hitting rewind.
(singing) We need to go
to the year '09...
(singing) To get something
from this friend of mine.
(singing) I'll do that,
but it is not free.
Kill Burt Reynolds,
my mortal enemy.
(singing) I would normally do
that in a flash.
(singing) But he has
got a cool mustache.
(singing) Then you are
not a friend of
mine. I will not
let you travel
through time. Going through
time, I will not permit.
You
losers can eat
my-- (pow!)
(birds chirp)
(Anthony counting down)
Anthony: Alright so, what's the plan?
Ian: I got an idea. Let's go.
Past Anthony: 9... 8... 7... *Falcon Punch*
Ian: All right, Anthony. Get all the eggs and my past self will give you the video.
Anthony: I got it this time, don't worry.
Here I come!!!
Dude, can you just show me where the last egg is? I can't find it. I looked everywhere.
Past Ian: Oh, yeah, sure. I'll show you where the last egg is, but only because you suck so bad at Easter egg hunts. Booyah!!
Anthony: Dude, what are you doing? Save me! Ian: Do I look like David Hasselhoff to you?
Anthony: Just pull me out man...
What are you doing? If I die in the past,I'm gonna die in the future!
Ian: Oops.
Ian! Oh, dog biscuits! Ian! Ian! You're in a minefield! Past Ian: Huh-*Dies* Ian: Oh Fu-*ded*
Anthony: Don't do it.Dude, please don't. No!!!
Subtitles: By BlazingFire
You can't be serious! No!